Binoy Patra 
Software Trainee- DCG Data-Core Systems(India) Private Limited

Summery: 
Software Trainee with 1 year and 8 months of experience. 
Proficient in Python, Machine Learning, Data Science,SQL and Oracle. 
Contributed to impactful projects in face detection and OCR. Skilled in writing clean code, analyzing source code, and delivering detailed reports. 
Currently engaged in a project using Oracle, prioritizing tasks for timely completion. Proactive learner, always staying updated with industry trends. 
Eager to transition into roles in data analytics or data science in the future.


Education:
1. Aliah University 
B.Tech(ECE) ,2019-2022, CGPA: 8.51, Overall Percentage: 78.8
Major Project : Develoment of non-invasive type diabetes detector 
Certification/Internship: Advance Diploma in computer Hardware and Networking Management From Central Tool Room and Training Centre, 2021

2. Jnan Chandra Ghosh Polytechnic 
Diploma in Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering ,2016-2019 ,CGPA: 8.2, Overall Percentage: 77%

Skill: 
C, Python, SQL, Oracle P/L SQL  
Data Cleaning and Visualization, Machine Learning, Data Science , Power BI, Analytical Thinking , Problem Solving Skill

Projects: 
1. Oracle to Oracle Data Migration (March, 2023-Present), DCG Data-Core Systems (India) Private Limited 
2. Admit Card Process using OCR (2022), DCG Data-Core Systems (India) Private Limited 
3. Face Detection using Open CV, Deep Learning (2022), DCG Data-Core Systems (India) Private Limited 




Software Trainee|DCG Data-Core Systems (India) Private Limited
Kolkata, West Bengal, India, Jun 2022-Current

Software Trainee with 1 year and 8 months of experience.
Self-motivated data analyst enthusiast eager to transition into roles in Data Analytics or Data Science in the future.
Proactive learner, always staying updated with industry trends.

Self-motivated data analyst enthusiast eager to join Analytical domain and bring my skill in data analysis, and data visualization to every project that will be received in the future.


Wrote clear, clean code for diverse projects.
Analyzed source code to identify and resolve functionality issues, contributing to the overall improvement of project efficiency.
Prioritized tasks effectively, ensuring timely completion.
Delivered detailed project reports and milestone updates to supervisors, showcasing a commitment to transparent communication and project management.
Collaborated seamlessly with cross-functional teams.